HDDS-7357 Update release page for 1.3.0. (#27)
apache/ozone-site: content/faq.md

There are instructions on how to start Ozone on conventional machines or VMs if you would like to go that way.

> You can [download](/downloads/) it and [try it out.](/docs/1.3.0/start/runningviadocker.html)

Reviewer: I think we can fix this for good by:

```suggestion
You can [download](/downloads/) it and [try it out.](/docs/current/start/runningviadocker.html)
```
